{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Doodle_Sans;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17763}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs96\lang7 Chapter 2\f1\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Pixel woke up with a rather stiff neck. The hard, wet and fairly cold floor wasn't the most comfortable thing to sleep on.\par
Kyle was still asleep on Pixel's fluffy body, pixel sighed as he couldn't move away.\par
as pixels eyes adjusted to the daylight and he got a grip of himself he saw a figure standing by their hollow make-shift nest, blocking part of the sun Kyle? Is that you?\par
\par
Hugs you tighter,mumbling with his eyes sleepily shut Im right here man\par
\par
Pixel looked at Kyle "Wait. Then... who's that?"\par
Pixels ears folded backwards out of worry.\par
\par
The figure was standing in a predator-like stance, like how a cat would be before pouncing. The eyes of the figure glowed bright in the slight shade cast by the trees, the red colour glow piercing right through them.\par
\par
"Who's..." Kyle, who Stretches upwards, locking his eyes on the demonic figure staring at them making his blood turn cold "P- Pix we gotta go..." Kyle stumbles backwards.\par
\par
(P) "Yeah... agreed."\par
Pixel leaps out of the hole, halting only for a second looking where to go.\par
(P) "WERE SHOULD WE RUN?!"\par
\par
The figure stepped forward, some growling beginning to be heard.\par
\par
(K) "BACK TO THE SAFE FOREST!" \par
\par
(P) "Yes! We can throw them off that way!"\par
Pixel runs straight into the forest, in the general direction of the waterfall.\par
\par
Feels the adrenaline surge through him as he bolts off following Pixel, occasionally looking back at red eyes that appeared to follow them.\par
"ARE WE NEARLY THERE?"\par
\par
The eyes were no longer seen behind them.\par
\par
Pixel spots a bit of hollow space behind the waterfall "Kyle! There! We can hide back there!"\par
\par
"Ahhh ok! If you're sure!" Kyle hops and squeezes himself tightly into the small space, shivering a little.\par
Pixel follows Kyle into the small space, not having much of an issue as he is smaller than kyle\par
\par
"Shh! Be quiet!" Kyle holds his breath "I-is it still there?"\par
\par
The Creature stepped into the light, revealing the proper shape and species. They were an Absol. Seeing no-one around, they stepped near the water and started to drink the water, their eyes closing.\par
\par
Pixel was shivering, he held onto Kyle's left paw, to slightly comfort himself.\par
The Duo observed the Absol carefully through the crevice they were hiding in.\par
\par
The Absol's ear twitched, but she kept drinking.\par
The duo watched cautiously.\par
Pixel attempted to peek out a bit more, before Kyle pulled him back a bit.\par
\par
The Absol just looked up, and stared into the Waterfall at them as she laid down on her stomach.\par
\par
The duo continued observing the Absol.\par
She just blinked, just watching them as she seemingly knew they were in there.\par
Pixel and Kyle looked at each other.\par
(P) \ldblquote Are they not dangerous...?\rdblquote  Pixel asked Kyle.\par
(K) \ldblquote I mean... I guess they\rquote re not?\rdblquote\par
\par
She yawned and laid her head down.\par
Pixel jumped out of the curb.\par
\par
She quickly raised her head and looked at Pixel.\par
(Q) "..."\par
\par
Pixel gathered up some confidence.\par
(P) \ldblquote H- hello?\rdblquote\par
She just stared, watching him.\par
\par
Pixel hesitated. Kyle watched him closely.\par
(P) \ldblquote Uhm... c- can you talk?\rdblquote\par
\par
She huffed softly.\par
(Q) "You can...?"\par
Pixel seemed surprised. (P) \ldblquote Y- yeah! What\rquote s your name?\ldblquote\par
(Q) "Qira."\par
(P) \ldblquote Qira? That\rquote s a... interesting name?\rdblquote\par
Pixel stuttered a bit, still being slightly terrified of her.\par
Kyle decided to climb out of his hiding spot to join Pixel.\par
(Q)  "Is it weird?"\par
(P) \ldblquote No no! It\rquote s just... well... you\rquote re a Pok\'e9mon! Those usually don\rquote t talk! Or are real for that matter...\rdblquote\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:12\par
"You two new here?"\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:14\par
Pixel looked at Kyle.\par
(K) \ldblquote We... I mean...\rdblquote\par
Kyle looked over to Pixel for guidance, he didn\rquote t know what to say either.\par
(K) \ldblquote I suppose you could say that...?\rdblquote\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:15\par
"Cool."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:16\par
(K) \ldblquote Qira. Qira? Is that correct? My name is Kyle. This is my pal Pixel.\rdblquote\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:18\par
"Nice to meet you both. So I see you're an Eevee and Riolu?"\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:20\par
Pixel stepped forward.\par
\ldblquote We are actually-\ldblquote\par
Kyle closed Pixels muzzle.\par
He whispered into his ears.\par
(k) \ldblquote Psh. Pal. Not yet. We should get to know these people- pok\'e9mon before we say anything about us being human.\rdblquote\par
\par
Pixel looked at Kyle.\par
Pixel sighed, understanding Kyle\rquote s reasoning.\par
\ldblquote We are... those things- Pok\'e9mon! Eevee and Riolu! Mhm!\rdblquote\par
It was easy to tell Pixel was lying.\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:21\par
"Both of you were human, and then transported here by some sort of powerful being, hm?"\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:22\par
Both were dumbfounded.\par
\par
Kyle awkwardly pushed out a couple words.\par
(K) \ldblquote How did you-?\rdblquote\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:23\par
"Same case. And you're pretty bad at lying. Or whispering for that matter."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:23\par
Pixel sprung up.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re a Human too?!\rdblquote\par
\par
Thousands of questions were filling his mind.\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:24\par
"I was."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:26\par
(K) \ldblquote Do you remember how you got here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All we know is that we were in some bright void with some voice...\rdblquote\par
The duo decided to get closer to Qira and sit down next to her by the lake.\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:29\par
"Barely. It's been years since I first got here, so my memory is faint."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:30\par
(K) \ldblquote ... how long...?\rdblquote\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:30\par
"I don't remember exactly when. I lost track of time."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:30\par
(K) \ldblquote Oh...\rdblquote\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:31\par
"Mhm."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:32\par
Pixel thought for a moment, then remembered the town he spotted the day before.\par
\ldblquote Uhm... I saw a town yesterday! Mind guiding us there...?\rdblquote\par
(K) \ldblquote We\rquote re hoping to get some proper shelter there at the very least.\rdblquote\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:35\par
"Sure."\par
She stood up.\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:35\par
The two relatively small Pok\'e9mon followed as quickly as they could.\par
Pixel BrushToday at 02:43\par
(I\rquote ll be heading to bed, later pal!)\par
Qira AseteToday at 02:45\par
(See ya.)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 10:10\par
(And i\rquote m back.)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 11:49\par
(Alrighty, we can continue ^^)\par
Qira AseteToday at 11:50\par
(Yeah I'm here too.)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 11:50\par
(Awesome.)\par
Qira AseteToday at 11:50\par
Qira walked down the forest, toward the village.\par
Pixel BrushToday at 11:52\par
The two Pok\'e9mon followed.\par
\par
Pixel pulled on a bit of Qiras Hair, trying to get her attention.\par
"Are any dangerous Pok\'e9mon around here?"\par
(K) "We don't know any moves, so we're practically defenseless..."\par
"And you can't protect us the entire time and guide us everywhere..."\par
Qira AseteToday at 11:55\par
She looked at Pixel, a bit of a pissed look on her face.\par
"Don't pull my hair."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 11:56\par
Pixel was slightly embarrassed.\par
"S- sorry."\par
"The question still stands."\par
Qira AseteToday at 11:57\par
"Well no, not really. Not around these parts at least."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 11:59\par
Pixel still wasn't entirely relieved of his fear. Something was there, he just didn't know what.\par
\par
Kyle tried to make the best of it and tried to stay calm.\par
Qira AseteToday at 11:59\par
"If you're feeling anxious, I am actually one of those dangerous pokemon."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:00\par
"W- what do you mean?"\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:00\par
"Other Pokemon tend to fear me."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:01\par
"I suppose that makes sense... heck. Absol, the Disaster Pok\'e9mon."\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:03\par
"I'm supposed to be in the mountains, you might be thinking."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:04\par
"Not necessarily... just... uh..."\par
Pixel felt like he insulted Qira.\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:17\par
"It's okay.'\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:18\par
(K) "But again, do you know any attacks you could teach us? At least something so we could defend ourselves."\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:19\par
"Later."\par
She kept walking to the village.\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:19\par
Eventually the trio arrived.\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:20\par
"Here we are."\par
(I like to think Qira is able to change between mega absol and normal at will, but almost always stays normal.)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:21\par
(Sounds good, she could just be hiding the stone in her hair or something.)\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:21\par
(Yeah something like that.)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:26\par
(boom, idea for the town)\par
\par
(the circle is a marketplace)\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:26\par
Oooh nice.)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:26\par
(The lines inside the border are streets.)\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:27\par
(understandable)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:27\par
(Awesome! Any name ideas?)\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:27\par
(Nope!)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:29\par
\par
(Alright, it doesn't have to be too creative. That's good.)\par
(Woodland Town?)\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:30\par
(Sure?)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:30\par
(since it's very close to the forest, possibly known for their forestry and wooden contruction)\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:30\par
(I like it.)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:31\par
(Awesome.)\par
(Let's continue then. P.S. There is a sign that reads "Woodland Town", in a kind of Pok\'e9mon Specific Font)\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:33\par
(Okay.)\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:33\par
(Alrighty.)\par
(Let\rquote s continue.)\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:34\par
She walked into the village, staying silent.\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:35\par
The market was filled with Pok\'e9mon, Chatting, Buying, Selling, Trading, etc.\par
Qira AseteToday at 12:36\par
"So, this is the village."\par
Pixel BrushToday at 12:44\par
The duo seemed slightly anxious seeing so many Pok\'e9mon talking.\par
}
 